Kit Hardware Docs (#11)
sourcebots/sbot: docs/source/kit/power-board.rst

Power Board
===========

The Power Board distributes power from the battery to the rest of the
kit. It provides six individual general-purpose 12V power outputs along
with a separate power connector for the Raspberry Pi.

It also holds the internal On | Off switch for the whole robot as well as
the Start button which is used to start your robot code.

Board diagram
-------------

.. figure:: /_static/kit/pbv4_diagram.png
   :alt: Power Board Diagram
   :scale: 75%

   Power Board Diagram

Connectors
----------

There are six power output connectors on the board, labelled L0–L3, H0,
and H1. These can supply around 11.1V (±15%). The “H” connectors will
supply more current than the “L” connectors.

> They should be used to connect to the motor board power input, though

Reviewer: and servo board

can also be used to power other devices. These are enabled when your
robot code is started and can also be turned on or off from your code.

There are two 5V connectors that can be used to connect low-current

> devices that take 5V inputs, such as the Raspberry Pi and the servo

Reviewer: Servo shield isn't used anymore.

shield.

There is also a Micro USB B connector which should be used to connect
the Raspberry Pi for control of the power board.

Finally, there are connectors for external Start and On|Off switches.
You may connect any latching switch for the On|Off switch, or a
push-to-make button for the Start button.

.. Hint:: If you intend to use only the internal On|Off
    switch, a CamCon must be plugged into the On|Off connector with a wire
    connecting one pin to the other pin on the same connector. Your power
    board should already have one of these plugged in.

Indicators
----------

+---------+-----------------------------------------------------+----------+
| LED     | Meaning                                             | Initial  |
|         |                                                     | power-up |
|         |                                                     | state    |
+=========+=====================================================+==========+

> | PWR |   | Green when poweredFlashing red and green when the   | Green    |

Reviewer: Weird formatting in the "Meaning" column here.

| FLAT    | battery is low                                      |          |
+---------+-----------------------------------------------------+----------+
| 5V      | Green when 5V is being supplied                     | Green    |
+---------+-----------------------------------------------------+----------+
| H0-1,   | Green when the corresponding output is on  [1]_Red  | Off      |
| L0-3    | when the output’s current limit is reached          |          |
+---------+-----------------------------------------------------+----------+
| RUN |   | Orange on power-up, or USB reset Flashing green     | Orange   |
| ERROR   | when ready to run Solid green when running or       |          |
|         | booting                                             |          |
+---------+-----------------------------------------------------+----------+

On power-up, the Power Board will emit some beeps, which are related to
the version of the firmware it has installed.

If the Power Board starts beeping (and all the outputs turn off) then

> this means that the whole board’s current limit has been triggered.

Reviewer: Weird apostrophe.

```suggestion
this means that the whole board's current limit has been triggered.
```
